README.md, before:

# @fleet-sdk/core [![Checks](https://badgen.net/github/checks/fleet-sdk/core/master)](https://github.com/fleet-sdk/core/actions) [![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/fleet-sdk/core/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/fleet-sdk/core) [![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/fleet-sdk/core/)](https://github.com/fleet-sdk/core/blob/master/LICENSE) [![npm](https://badgen.net/npm/v/@fleet-sdk/core)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fleet-sdk/core)

Easily create Ergo transactions with a pure JS library.

- 🪄 Easy to use
- 🪶 Lightweight: [~12kB minified + gziped](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@fleet-sdk/core)
- 🦾 Powerful: easily create complex transactions with a fluent API
- 🧪 100% code coverage
- 🌲 Tree-shakeable

# Basic usage

## Installation

```bash
npm install @fleet-sdk/core
```

or

```bash
yarn install @fleet-sdk/core
```

## Building a simple transaction

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"))
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Building a transaction with multiple outputs

To build a a transaction with multiple outputs you can simply pass an array of `OutputBuilder` as argument of `to()` method.

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to([
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"),
    new OutputBuilder(2000000n, "9fhJkRaSoPfzE9rA3e4ptK51xvyNsLKonYN1xje5LWaLukx7iX2")
  ])
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Sending tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j")
      .addTokens([
        { tokenId: "0cd8c9f416e5b1ca9f986a7f10a84191dfb85941619e49e53c0dc30ebf83324b", amount: 100n },
        { tokenId: "36aba4b4a97b65be491cf9f5ca57b5408b0da8d0194f30ec8330d1e8946161c1", amount: 429n }
      ])
  )
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Minting tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j")
      .mintToken({
        name: "TestToken",
        amount: 21000000n,
        decimals: 4,
        description: "Just a test token"
      })
  )
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Burning tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .burnTokens([
    { tokenId: "0cd8c9f416e5b1ca9f986a7f10a84191dfb85941619e49e53c0dc30ebf83324b", amount: 100n },
    { tokenId: "36aba4b4a97b65be491cf9f5ca57b5408b0da8d0194f30ec8330d1e8946161c1", amount: 429n }
  ])
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Ensuring input inclusion
You can `configureSelector` method to ensure one or more inputs to be included in the transaction. Useful when working with contracts.

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const boxId = "e56847ed19b3dc6b72828fcfb992fdf7310828cf291221269b7ffc72fd66706e";
const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"))
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .configureSelector((selector) => selector.ensureInclusion((input) => input.boxId === boxId))
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

Commit message:

Add to intro, repos using FLEET and ergo.get_utxos() method.

README.md, after:

# @fleet-sdk/core [![Checks](https://badgen.net/github/checks/fleet-sdk/core/master)](https://github.com/fleet-sdk/core/actions) [![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/fleet-sdk/core/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/fleet-sdk/core) [![License](https://badgen.net/github/license/fleet-sdk/core/)](https://github.com/fleet-sdk/core/blob/master/LICENSE) [![npm](https://badgen.net/npm/v/@fleet-sdk/core)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fleet-sdk/core)

FLEET is a pure Javascript Software Development Kit for the Ergo blockchain. FLEET provides a thin wrapper around the core components of the [ErgoScript compiler](https://github.com/ScorexFoundation/sigmastate-interpreter), ErgoTree interpreter and [Ergo protocol](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo) implementations, which are written in Scala. FLEET stands for:

- 🦾 Fluent: creates complex transactions with a 100% code coverage and tree-shakable API

- 🪶 Lightweight: [~12kB minified + gziped](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@fleet-sdk/core)

- 🪄 Easy to use

- ⛓️ Ergo blockchain

- 🔨 Toolkit

FLEET implements a consistent programming model and API overlay to ErgoScript using idiomatic Javascript.

# Basic Usage

## Installation

```bash
npm install @fleet-sdk/core
```

or

```bash
yarn install @fleet-sdk/core
```

## Getting utxo inputs

```ts
ergo.get_utxos()
```

## Building a simple transaction

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"))
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Building a transaction with multiple outputs

To build a a transaction with multiple outputs you can simply pass an array of `OutputBuilder` as argument of `to()` method.

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to([
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"),
    new OutputBuilder(2000000n, "9fhJkRaSoPfzE9rA3e4ptK51xvyNsLKonYN1xje5LWaLukx7iX2")
  ])
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Sending tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j")
      .addTokens([
        { tokenId: "0cd8c9f416e5b1ca9f986a7f10a84191dfb85941619e49e53c0dc30ebf83324b", amount: 100n },
        { tokenId: "36aba4b4a97b65be491cf9f5ca57b5408b0da8d0194f30ec8330d1e8946161c1", amount: 429n }
      ])
  )
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Minting tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(
    new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j")
      .mintToken({
        name: "TestToken",
        amount: 21000000n,
        decimals: 4,
        description: "Just a test token"
      })
  )
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Burning tokens

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .burnTokens([
    { tokenId: "0cd8c9f416e5b1ca9f986a7f10a84191dfb85941619e49e53c0dc30ebf83324b", amount: 100n },
    { tokenId: "36aba4b4a97b65be491cf9f5ca57b5408b0da8d0194f30ec8330d1e8946161c1", amount: 429n }
  ])
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Ensuring input inclusion
You can `configureSelector` method to ensure one or more inputs to be included in the transaction. Useful when working with contracts.

```ts
import { OutputBuilder, TransactionBuilder } from "@fleet-sdk/core";

const boxId = "e56847ed19b3dc6b72828fcfb992fdf7310828cf291221269b7ffc72fd66706e";
const unsignedTransaction = new TransactionBuilder(creationHeight)
  .from(inputs)
  .to(new OutputBuilder(1000000n, "9gNvAv97W71Wm33GoXgSQBFJxinFubKvE6wh2dEhFTSgYEe783j"))
  .sendChangeTo("9i2bQmRpCPLmDdVgBNyeAy7dDXqBQfjvcxVVt5YMzbDud6AvJS8")
  .configureSelector((selector) => selector.ensureInclusion((input) => input.boxId === boxId))
  .payMinFee()
  .build();
```

## Example FLEET Usage from Ergo Projects

- [Nautilus Babel Fees](https://github.com/capt-nemo429/nautilus-wallet/blob/babel-fees/src/api/ergo/transaction/txBuilder.ts#L95)
- [Ergonames](https://github.com/ergonames/sdk/blob/master/tx-lib/index.js)
